feat(iotda): add a datasource to get the list of device groups (#4498)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/data-sources/iotda_device_groups.md

Use this data source to get the list of the IoTDA device groups.

-> When accessing an IoTDA **standard** or **enterprise** edition instance, you need to specify
  the IoTDA service endpoint in `provider` block.
  You can login to the IoTDA console, choose the instance **Overview** and click **Access Details**
  to view the HTTPS application access address. An example of the access address might be
  *9bc34xxxxx.st1.iotda-app.ap-southeast-1.myhuaweicloud.com*, then you need to configure the
  `provider` block as follows:

  ```hcl
  provider "huaweicloud" {
    endpoints = {
      iotda = "https://9bc34xxxxx.st1.iotda-app.ap-southeast-1.myhuaweicloud.com"
    }
  }
  ```

## Example Usage

```hcl
variable "device_group_name" {}
data "huaweicloud_iotda_device_groups" "test" {
  name = var.device_group_name
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `region` - (Optional, String) Specifies the region in which to query the device groups.
  If omitted, the provider-level region will be used.

* `group_id` - (Optional, String) Specifies the ID of the device group.

* `name` - (Optional, String) Specifies the name of the device group.

> * `type` - (Optional, String) Specifies the type of the device group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `type` - (Optional, String) Specifies the type of the device groups.
```

  The valid values are as follows:
  + **STATIC**: The device group is a static group.
  + **DYNAMIC**: The device group is a dynamical group.

* `parent_group_id` - (Optional, String) Specifies the ID of the parent device group to which the device group belongs.

> * `space_id` - (Optional, String) Specifies the ID of the resource space to which the device group belongs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `space_id` - (Optional, String) Specifies the ID of the resource space to which the device groups belong.
```
